Hi there, you're on the moon channel and today
I want to talk to you about the figures for
the garden
I went wandering recently
construction store but not even
the store and that's what this super duper mega
construction supermarket and would go
garden decor I wanted to find there
some stork mushrooms
flamingo don't know I wanted something
find interesting for the garden
something to make it real
diversity we have there bike i
I do n't think you see him there later
show in general I would have bought something if
wouldn't it all cost twice
more expensive bike that I bought in
year is worth 2 times more expensive than all these mushrooms
these little ones are twice as expensive and
if maybe I didn't know the previous one
prices
I would buy but knowing that it was worth one
the price now costs another price no I
I found another way out I made figures from
mounting foam unfortunately i have in
The photo is not the whole process but I have something
made 2 mushrooms but this is the easiest
probably what can be done at all from
garden figures and decided to make
sheep lamb lamb
I don't know who I will have for now
somehow so be sure to show you how i am
did it and what happened as a result
Foam took a lot I read read the forum and
for some reason, she never found out how much she leaves
foam on one figure which balloon in
overall and bought this foam a lot
it turned out this is not a figurine not too cheap
but not as expensive as it came out
ram if he stood in this super
super mega hyper marketplace so I can
now show you how it looks
At this stage , you need to
first make the frame
here they are hidden under the table
general
and now she is still not very
pretty but now i'm sorry i have them
put my
left table sorry for the inconvenience
Here I have a ram mom says that I have
gigantomania is worth a little
mill but here's a ram well yes he doesn't
small but I solved it all carrying
tee leave it as cool and
just color well how to color
at first it will be more
acrylic putty then acrylic
paints
and then acrylic lacquer froze all
acrylic to protect this foam from
sunny
u in the filters shade ray filters in general
He first I did frame pictures
I don't have a lamb frame but I tell you
I will try to show me here
if you see this paper here it is soft
there is scotch and paper and here it is
can better be seen here and this is bottled
it at me it is a little Don
moved out okay head shape
there is then here I have him singing
such a tuft in ears
and this is all you sneeze to be smooth and
as well as legs from them at me strange and well
there they are on wood
in general it's me him all you sneeze to be
smooth nose well and paint there still
do not worry you further
here it must be a mushroom I don't
I did not have enough in general foam in
that time and this time when I arrived
I made the first one at the dacha
I will finish
here still for the time being it looks little like
mushroom
so outlines what that is in general
I hope that we can do it normally
here, too, inside there is a eggplant
in this rowing probably not visible and here
accidentally also crumpled newspapers and to
just trim some pho
but it already falls off he did not know me
another mushroom but he is generally huge
turned out my megalomania as a mountain mom
makes itself felt and here a lot more
singing now these here now on this pomu
I can see there right now I 'll show you
see there inside the force will not drop over there
sandpick with sand so that it is not theirs
swept away by the wind then generally plan
in general today it's all a penny to
Tomorrow it’s already apricate though with acrylics for everyone
to finish this acrylic stuff
I have a huge ram like a deer
generally I don’t know if he will fit
Then for the winter somewhere, but I hope that
fit in general something like this for me
it turns out my figures then show that
turned out look
these are my figures from
polyurethane foam
if you want something like that
try to experiment if there is
write questions in the comments I
I will surely answer that we know that I do not know
google and answer if all of a sudden you don’t
find because I experienced a lot
different articles found offline different read
I read the news I scooped there
ideas and how to fix in principle
well save and secure from cracking
foam I don't know, I hope that
in two weeks under the sun my lamb
do not crack once already zagrebu
so worried lamb some I
large-scale project turned out and he will
stand over there over there at the entrance
let's see how he will behave through
two weeks
Thank you all for watching. I hope you
like subscribe to my channel
put your fingers on top of waiting for the next
video bye bye